I don't have kids anymore.
I don't have you anymore.
I know that after being with you
I want us devils to take care of you
Did you know
How are you
Know my heart
Yes.
I lied before
I don't fall in love, is it a play?
I don't know if I will fall in love in the future
But there is no such thing at present.
There are also orphanages
I will definitely raise them up
Ouch mom don't be sad
Ling Feng's father won't be bullied if he goes there
Because Danny will protect her.
Hastily said right
Dandan will definitely protect Father Ling Feng
But I really want to have a father
It's getting late
Everyone go back
Although Yunfeng is gone
But our lives go on
Exactly.
Everyone should live well
This is also what Linfeng hoped for
Does the earth really not consider me?
Thank you for playing with me
But today is really my day
I know it's gone into the wind.
You are sad
But it doesn't matter.
I can wait.
Don't wait.
I won't ask you to come out
Just with someone else